I do wanna kind of just do a quick
tour of a few things here as well.
The one thing that for
one of these example apps,
there is a database that you need.
So if we choose to use that one, you will
just have to seed the database because I
decided to be a back-end engineer for
a hot minute, just to show some stuff, but
that's there as well.
But the part that I wanted to go into
was this Playwright configuration,
where a lot of things are configurable.
If you wanted to make an e2e directory,
which I don't like acronyms,
you'll notice if you read like
the copious notes that I wrote.
I will spell out Visual Studio Code
every time instead of writing VS Code.
You can set the timeout for
both a test as well as for a given expect.
Fully parallel will mean that it will spin
up, depending on how many cores in your
computer, that many threads
running in a browser.
Most CICD processes I think
you're still down to one.
It'll try twice in CICD before failing
your build 0 if you're developing, so
you get that tighter feedback loop, but
hopefully protection against flaky tests.
How many workers do you have?
The reporter, we saw the HTML.
We'll play around with some
stuff in here a little bit.
This one is probably the one you'll most
likely end up using, which is this way,
you don't have to type in a full URL.
If you don't put the protocol,
it'll assume this,
change that to whatever you use.
You can do interesting things
with environment variables, so
you could do something like,
hey, do this and last like,
we're in, like the CICD process or unless
like I choose targeting and staging.
One of the things that
I have done previously,
is I will have the base URL for
my app as an environment variable.
So I can point the development server and
its APIs at mocks or
I can point it at production, right?
Because every back-end team likes to tell
you that staging should be a perfect
representation of production that
has never been the case ever.
So I can point my front-end app at
staging, at production, at development.
So you might choose to do
something there as well.
If you don't want all the browsers, a
project and just do dash project chromium,
it will run all of them.
You can do interesting
things here as well,
which is like what tests you wanna run.
Also like various different,
this way, you're not doing the thing.
I understand that the browser
has all the device emulators.
We all do the same thing, which is we
make our window real skinny, right?
And then, we make it wide again,
and then we make it skinny, and
then we make it wide, right?
This will run your tests,
saving you from that.
This one will also be somewhat useful to
us, which is folder for test artifacts.
Right, if only I had a way
to store my artifacts,
my build process,
I could look at them later.
This one, I also deeply love and
we'll probably just comment out.
It does not work with the VS Code plugin,
but this one when you run the test,
will also spin up your server too.
Because nobody likes the thing
where you go to run the test and
realize that they killed off the server,
and then your tests all fail.
And then, you realize that your testes
didn't fail, the server just wasn't running.
So you can have it like whatever your
whatever port you choose run on,
whatever command it takes to spin up your
app, you can have it so that when you do
npx playwright test, it will also spin up
your web server and life will be amazing.